# 4.0 Problem Statement
Based on the information that we gather above, below are the problems that we identified.

### 1. Offline registration require user presence
The current system used by KADA company is entirely manual, necessitating in-person presence for any registration or application processes. For instance, a new user that wants to register for membership or an existing member that wants to apply for a loan, need to visit the company. The process includes queuing, form taking, manually filling all the information and submitting the form. If any conditions are not met, such as registering after hours, the process cannot be completed.

### 2. Prone to unauthorised access 
Paper based documents are highly vulnerable to unauthorised access. The document is not protected by any form of security measure, and there are no records of who accesses them. Important data, including users' personal information, confidential documents, and company reports, are kept as physical copies, exposing them to the risk of physical espionage. Without proper protection, confidential information can be easily accessed by unauthorised individuals.

### 3. Risk of data loss
The manual process of registration involves collecting, transporting, manually verifying and storing the physical copy of data. This exposes the documents to several risks, such as physical damages, theft, loss or deterioration over time. The failure to retain required records can lead to violation of legal and regulatory obligations, thus resulting in fine and penalty. The physical nature of the records makes the data vulnerable to various forms of damages.

### 4. Unable to generate report
The existing system KADA company uses is unable to automatically generate a comprehensive report. This increases the workload of administrative staff, who are required to manually review each registration form and necessary documentation. Since the data recorded in manual registration form cannot be compiled automatically thus, a staff must count data manually in order to create reports for general viewing of all the data such as monthly and yearly reports. This process is time consuming and prone to errors.

### 5. The inability to calculate gain and loss of company
The existing manual system used by KADA company hinders their ability to automatically calculate its gains and losses. Without an automated system to combine, process and analyse financial data, the financial performances of the company could not be tracked efficiently. This limitation makes it difficult for the evaluation of the company’s overall financial situation.

