# 5.0 Proposed Solutions
With the acknowledgement of the existing problem that lies within the current system, the solution is to create an online system to modernise the process of membership registration and loan application for all users, by addressing the needs of various stakeholders, including new users, administrators, loan applicants and board managers.

### 5.1 Technical Feasibility
The transition from a traditional manual system to an online system requires a certain amount of technical support. A secure server, database and suitable web development frameworks is essential to implement different functionalities into the system. Software used to design the user interface such as Figma, Freeform to draw Data Flow Diagrams. The system shall offer convenient access for users, automate data collection for administrators, and a role-based permission for different management levels. KADA online systems are designed as a more secure and sustainable solution to the problem. Records of member registration and any form of operation are to be logged and kept as archive in the database as a record that will not be lost over time. Permissions are given to different roles in the management, hence the important data and information is private. Moreover, user activities while using this system can be tracked, preventing crime such as information theft from happening. In the long term, the system can be updated through maintenance to fix bugs, enhance cyber security or increase functionality to further match with the user requirement. Overall, the system proposed is technically viable.

### 5.2 Operational Feasibility
The KADA online system has a strong operational feasibility, given the readiness of users, stakeholders and the alignment with the current capabilities. Convenience is given to several roles involved with the operation. New users who want to register for membership, or existing users who want to apply for a loan needless to travel around to be physically present in the company to do so. Instead, any form of operation is available a few clicks away in a comprehensive online application form that collects all the necessary data, including documentation that could be uploaded in various formats. With the enterprise commerce architecture implemented, the system could run 24 hours, allowing users to access it anytime even off hours. Monthly and yearly reports can be generated automatically, effectively taking off work load from administrative workers compared to manual calculations and creation of reports. The gain and loss of the company could also be conveniently calculated and reported for the board meeting. 

