# 9.0 Requirement Analysis
### 9.1 Current Business Process 
One day, a potential member went to KADA to register himself as a member of KADA. He fills in the member registration form with his personal information such as name, identification card number, address, monthly salary, and position. After submitting the member registration form, the approval of becoming a member will be discussed at a board meeting by the board directors. After the discussion ends, the applicant will receive a call informing whether his applicant is being approved. If the applicant is approved to become a member of KADA, the member’s information will be stored in the database. 

After becoming a member of KADA, RM55 will be deducted monthly automatically from the salary of the member and saved into the member’s savings (Simpanan Tetap) and the welfare savings (Tabung Anggota). 

If the member wants to apply for a loan, he needs to fill in the member financing application form, find two guarantors, and get the endorsement of his company. Then, the application will be discussed at the board meeting and he will be informed the status of the application through a phone call. After the loan is being approved, the member’s salary will be deducted monthly to repay the loan according to the loan repayment table.
[img]()

#### Workflow:
Member registration
Store member application information
Member application approval 
Store member information
Phone call about member application approval result
Saving processes (deduction from salary)
Loan application
Store loan application information
Loan application approval
Phone call about loan application approval result
Store loan information
Loan payment (deduction from salary)

### 9.2 Functional Requirement (input, process and output)
Below are the functional requirements for the KADA Manual System:
New users fill in the member registration form to register for membership and the member application information is stored.
New user’s personal information is required to approve their member registration application and the result will be informed through phone call after the monthly board meeting and the member information will be stored. 
Funds information is needed for the process of depositing into modal and the account information will be stored.
Members fill in the member financing application form to apply for a loan and the loan application information will be kept.
Loan application information is required to approve their loan application and the result will be informed through phone call after the monthly board meeting and the loan information will be stored. 
Loan information is needed for calculating the monthly loan repayment amount and the amount will be deducted from the member’s salary.

### 9.3 Non-functional Requirement (performance and control)
Below are the non functional requirements for the KADA Manual System:
Performance:
Ensure all data filled in by new users and members are true and no missing parts.
Complete storage task instantly to prevent the loss of information.
Ensure the calculating process for repayment of loan is accurate and reliable.
Inform new users and members about the result of their application through a phone call immediately after the board meeting. 

Control:
Store all documents, member information, and loan information in a secure location such as a locked cabinet where only authorised workers hold the key to prevent unauthorised use of confidential information.
Prepare backup for documents and keep them at different locations to prevent loss of information due to natural disasters.
Make sure the documents are stored in a neat arrangement so that retrieval and tracing of documents can be done easily and rapidly.

### 9.4 Logical DFD AS-IS system 
#### 9.4.1 Context Diagram

#### 9.4.2 Diagram 0

#### 9.4.3 Child Diagram



